entendre
Hello gang, welcome to the penultimate Harmontown.
We made it. Welcome to all of our travelers from all over the world and all over the country
are coming. Harmontown is now in session. Rob Schrab. Spencer Crittenden.
And the inevitable, Dan Harmon. Thank you all the time. Thank you all the way. Thank you all the
time.
What's your tell?
Damn.
I remember the time.
Spencer.
Hey, Rob.
I see you already did something lateral.
No.
Damn.
That was me.
I knock over a stool twice.
Damn.
I remember the time.
When you do knock over a stool.
Twice.
Yeah, okay.
Good.
Hey, hey.
The podcast is just starting.
I remember the time when we started.
You're doing great.
All right, all right, come on.
Knock it off. All right.
Welcome to Harmontown, everybody.
Jeff Davis, Rob Chubb, Spencer.
I don't have...
This is the second to last Harmontown.
Yeah, I feel like I had a...
I must have had a dream that I wrote something.
Did you ever...
I'll be right back.
Did you ever have a podcast and this happened to you?
That guy's gonna take a shit.
That guy is going to take a shit.
That body language is only...
I have to take a giant.
With somebody who goes, oh no, I'll be right back.
Runs that way.
Going to take a shit.
Yeah, that's the Del Taco Trots right there.
Yeah.
I want to know all about it when he gets back.
Oh, shit.
Oh, boom.
We don't have Steve Levy tonight.
So he's on vodka patrol.
He didn't have to take a shit.
That would have never came out otherwise.
What?
No one would...
I have to fetch vodka every time I take a shit.
Oh.
Yeah, I don't have any notes.
I think it just...
We're in the last leg of the podcast.
I think it's important to note.
I must have had a dream that I
wrote down a note classic.
Because I remember today I was like,
well, I got that one note that I wrote.
And that was like, in the dream,
I was like, I got to talk about this in the podcast.
In my dream, I thumbed a note
into my notes app.
And I was like, go talk about that.
And it was in a dream.
The reality is,
this show is not worth
coming to.
That's the reality.
But in my dreams, it was.
I dream about it.
It's affecting me.
I wrote a note that I was eating a giant marshmallow.
All right, well, that's Jeff.
I always have dreams where it's like,
the dream is just me standing in my room
and I pull out my wallet and I place $5
into my wallet and I put it back in my pocket.
And then I'm like, that wasn't a dream.
It was $5 and nope.
That's like, that was the podcast equivalent.
That's what you did.
What are the ratio of dreams you have
that are like,
because we have dreams where
you wake up from the dream
and for a second you're like, that's real.
And then you're like, oh, that's not real.
What do you think the ratio is
when that's good and what's bad?
5%!
Oh.
Because sometimes it's good, sometimes it's bad, right?
$50 when you wake up and you're like,
I didn't find no $50.
I'd say it's almost always bad.
I feel like
in the last couple of years
every time that's happened to me
it's been exclusively good.
Like, and maybe that's a privilege thing
because I've excelled
to a point where I'm like,
my dreams are now just about
like, my car's got
a flat tire and then I wake up and I'm like,
no it doesn't.
My car was throwing up metal spaghetti.
I had another dream
where all my teeth were falling out,
one tooth fell out, then the other tooth fell out.
That means you're getting sick.
Yeah, I know, and I was.
And the whole bottom row of my teeth
just cracked off in one piece,
like a Dracula dentures.
And then I was like, this is the worst thing
that's ever happened to me.
And then I was like telling people about it
and I was like, wait a second, I could talk perfectly.
This is a dream!
But how many dreams have you,
can you remember a dream where you,
it was a great thing that was happening
and then you woke up and you're like,
I can't wait to get out of bed
because that thing happened, no it didn't.
Yeah, one time I dreamed that I bought Pokemon Blue.
Pokemon Blue.
I had a dream that Kyle McLaughlin
was a good friend of mine.
And like,
and I was like,
because I met him at like this party
and I was like, oh man I can't wait
really getting along.
He's like listening to me and laughing at all my jokes
and I'm like, I can't wait to go home
and tell Kate, hey, yeah.
Someone listen to me.
Yeah, it was a dream.
And then I woke up and then I was like,
I don't know no Kyle McLaughlin.
I got all bummed out.
When I was a little kid,
I had a dream that I could fly
and I was running around in my
driveway and it was like
we had a basketball hoop
and I had a dream that if I
just wanted to, I could fly.
Like in like, not like
Superman like waiting in the sky, but I could just kind of
hover around and just fly
like 20 feet off the ground.
It was an awesome, liberating dream.
And I woke up, went out into the driveway
and jumped in the air and believed
I could fly and I guess what
couldn't fly.
Damn.
That's what I had to flap my arms really hard.
Did you ever dream that you could do that
and then your arm extended?
Like plastic man?
No, like Space Jam.
Because I mean it obviously brought me
to R. Kelly when you said that.
I believe I can fly. You literally believed
you could fly.
I dreamt I could fly and I was young
and naive enough to think that all you have to do
is will yourself to fly.
It's amazing that you were young enough
that you retained that dream belief
enough that you got out of bed
and ran out there.
The moment I woke up, I went right out to where
the dream took place in the driveway
and I just, I thought like
just jump and believe in yourself.
Like believe you can do it.
And I jumped up and went smack
on the gravel.
And I thought okay, that was a dream.
This is a harsh awakening
about the sadness of humanity.
The sorrow.
I think the nice thing about our species,
I think the key to our victory
and inevitably to our demise
obviously we're all dying
because of our success.
It's a double-edged sword.
It's like humanity.
You did it. You're the most
populist mammal on the planet.
Therefore, game over, you're dead.
Or you're going to become matrix people
in either case win-win for insects.
I think Jellyfish and Lobster
are a little...
But I think the romantic thing
about our species is, as pointed out
in Yanov Shmirov, whatever that guy's name is,
Yako.
No, no.
Whatever the Yanov Shmirov
of the guy.
The guy I'm always quoting,
his anthropology book that I,
the Homo Deus guy.
It's like our dreams,
Homo sapiens, our dreams
are louder than reality.
I'm just majoring journalism.
That's a fucking... Yeah, I've never looked it up.
I'm going to be a journalism major.
I believe in journalism.
And then you can go to college for a semester
and be like, journalism isn't real.
And then you drop out.
You're like, what am I going to do?
And then people would be like, why would you do that?
Why wouldn't you look up journalism?
Not because I thought...
I believed in it.
I wonder how many journalists
lobsters there are.
You hear about the Cybertruck.
Do you have any thoughts on Cybertruck?
What's your temperature
on Cybertruck?
I love it.
You guys are going to talk shit about my best friend Elon Musk.
No, I'm just wondering.
I love the Cybertruck.
The only thing I don't love about the Cybertruck...
Cybertruck.
Coming to your town.
Driving you around.
It's got street lines
Sure, it's a Cybertruck
Get some deal maker
for sure.
I got one problem with the Cybertruck.
One!
It's for poor people.
It's clearly like the clean lines
and all that.
Oh, it's not for poor people.
It's meant to protect rich people from the apocalypse.
But not from throwing
a brick at the window.
No, it's meant to...
No, it's got a really sensible price point.
For when the world ends
and you have to go between your billionaire compound
so you can just drive over people
with spears or whatever.
Aesthetically, that's what it presents.
But in reality,
he's eliminated
the big...
because he caught so much shit
for I'm going to make my own car.
Part of why it's hard to make a car
is because engineers will tell you
you make humans feel safer
by adding these weird Roman arches
to the architecture
which don't add to the safety of the car.
But if you just make those straight lines
he can make those cars even faster.
They're cheaper. That truck's going to be cheap.
That's what I read.
It's not super expensive yet.
Speaking of Wired Magazine,
let's bring out our guests.
I brought these guys down from San Francisco
because we're in the final leg of our podcast.
There's no rhyme or reason to it
except that I love them.
And the history of the show,
using decade that we've spent together,
one of the highlights was my ability
to reach across the world
having read a book and say,
hey, come down to make a new friend.
And I just wanted these guys
to be here for the
for the end times
and chat with us.
Is that a good introduction, Dan?
I don't know.
Let's bring out...
Please welcome New York Times bestselling author...
Cybertruck.
Steve Silverman and Keith Carrack.
Yeah!
I had a dream that I was on the second
to last Harmontown.
That was so heavy.
That dream is now a reality.
Thank you for running NeuroTribes,
which everyone should go read.
We were talking in the green room
about diagnosis.
Self-diagnosis, diagnosis of others.
We were getting into me.
You were like,
has your mind changed about anything?
I had to clarify
just so everyone knows.
I never diagnosed myself with autism.
Right.
And what I was talking about
was with some autistic people online
and they were claiming
that you had diagnosed yourself with autism.
And I said, well, I don't know about that.
I don't think so, but whatever Dan is,
he's certainly neurodivergent.
He's fucking weird, right?
He's a weird guy.
He's fucking weird.
That was the important thing about your book.
He's a fucking weird guy.
Yeah, but the whole...
Strange, right?
Yeah, but the whole thing is that it's a fucking weird people
that keeps society moving forward
and not getting stuck in boring shit constantly.
Okay, fine.
You're weird too.
Steve,
you probably...
You don't think you're qualified or anybody's really qualified
to diagnose other people.
But looking back through history,
we could probably diagnose certain people
probably with certain qualities.
Well, the people who were retro-diagnosed,
as they say in my book,
they were diagnosed by people
with actual qualifications to do so.
So I would never...
But looking at Dan,
just look at him.
Just to pick somebody at random.
Yeah.
What is wrong with him?
Can you help us?
Well, we were talking about
ADD before,
which seems right to me,
but I'm certainly not qualified to diagnose anybody,
but one gets a feeling.
I resonated a lot
with the ADHD books that I've read
slash listened to because who wants to
fucking read these pieces of shit?
I got better things to do, god damn it.
But the beauty is,
if you have ADHD
or whatever the fuck you have
or don't have,
what are the odds that science has come up
with ways to compartmentalize all of us?
The important thing about your book
is that key phrase, neurodiversity.
It is the idea of like,
hey, it takes a million kinds of brain
to make a great society.
And that America,
not to get jingoistic,
but it's like because it's probably
through our,
we just didn't know how to stomp it out.
But like,
we created a country
where if you can build it
and it's worth money,
you now go from being
maybe the village idiot or the village geek
or the village pervert to being
like the village count,
the village, you know,
and if you read NeuroTribes,
there's a part of it that is like,
the history of America
as it's
undiagnosable relationship with autism
and how always the people
on the fringe have been creating
new ways for us normies
to communicate with each other.
And us normies have messed up the world
so badly that it might take somebody
like Greta Thunberg,
whose autism gives her the ability
to not give a fuck
about the lying
whoever.
That's the cycle,
is someone who's like geeky
and like draws fire,
stepping out front and going like,
look, I don't know
how you people are
approaching this, but in my mind
here's how I approach it, and then
yeah, we put them out there,
we burn them at the stake, and then over the
charcoal we roast our marshmallows,
and then we start partying.
Anyways, Keith, thank you
for coming out too.
Thanks for having me.
I've literally since the invite have been
just contemplating the entire audience going,
huh?
Who is that guy?
Keith is Steve's husband as of 2003
and like...
That's our newer divergence.
Yes, exactly.
You own 60, 80, how many bow ties
is Keith? 60-ish.
He's one of the few people
that actually knows how to tie a bow tie
and I find that awesome.
He's also a chemistry teacher,
so it's sort of...
A middle school chemistry teacher.
No, I've moved up to high school.
Oh, really? Yeah, I did middle school for 10 years,
but...
Is that how it works, our high school
chemistry teachers? You're like,
I finally know more about chemistry now.
I've watched middle schoolers deal with
oh, that's what potassium is.
No, it's more the
crowd control.
The middle school crowd control was
high school, you can handle it.
And so they're like, yeah,
that's a profound statement.
I assume public school?
No.
But it really is based on that idea
that kids are animals.
And as they grow
into adolescence, they increasingly
become capable of putting your head through
a chalkboard.
Indeed. Well, thanks for that
thought.
Do they still have chalkboards?
Yeah. Oh, absolutely.
Yeah.
But do you have a preference
on chalkboard versus dry erase?
Wiper chalk. Wiper chalk.
Wiper chalk.
So I had...
Wiper chalk. I use chalkboards mostly.
I've recently had to start
using whiteboard. I hate it.
Right. Definitely
prefer chalkboard. It freaks me out too.
Does the smell get you high? No, it's just
those markers last about a week.
Yeah.
Chalk is durable.
You can see from a stick of chalk
how much chalk is left.
Exactly.
And you could go to war with China
and lose. And if there's
a little chalk left, you could be like,
I know that's going to make a lot.
And you could come into Rick and Morty
a week later and be like, anyways,
this story is really important. God fucking
cock it!
You can do that
without going to war
with China too.
Yeah.
What's your fucking beef
with China then?
Yeah. You could go to war with China
and then go...
All right, man.
This is part of the reason I'm ending the podcast
because there's going to come a time
when you're either pro-China
or anti-China and I'm not
in it for that, man.
Look. Free Hong Kong!
So, Keith...
Yeah.
Keith, you're saying you're a guy
in the world, old school
slate and chalk dude. Yeah, I like that.
Absolutely.
But he still gets to blush it up, which is the fun part.
You get to...
Well, yeah,
just, you know, make stuff change.
Do you have any observations?
How long have you been teaching?
20 years now.
You've got... You're in a prime position
to make any observations.
I know teachers always, like,
give us any generational
observations.
Well, so one thing...
Wow.
I know.
I'm really not that deep.
One thing I will tell you that a lot of people don't know
unless you work in a school is that
teachers
emotionally devolve to the level
of the students that they teach.
So, like,
elementary school teachers,
how they get upset
is different from middle school teachers.
Even including in the teacher's lounge, when they're like,
who took my nilla wafers?
Yeah, exactly.
So, basically, I just am
perpetually 15 now.
And just swollen
and withdrawn. Where's he used to be perpetually
12? Yeah, exactly.
So, I'm moving up in the world.
Keith, are you being honest?
Are you actually just a thing that you do
to adapt and to be able to deal
with them? Yeah, you just spend your whole
day with people of the same age.
I couldn't imagine hanging out
with a bunch of 15-year-old
me's. Like, I was just
a prick.
I haven't changed all that much, but
I was just... So, yeah, on the record,
my students are great.
And if any of them are listening to this,
don't.
You gotta hate one of them.
No, not at all.
He can't talk about that.
I don't have a favorite
class section.
No.
They're all my favorites.
Do you have a way of handling
the class clown
or the guy that heckles you
or the girl or whatever?
Some student is the most disruptive.
That's actually me.
I'm the class clown in class.
Isn't it true that you're supposed on the first day
of class to find the biggest student
and beat him up?
That's...
That's what I've heard.
Just fucking...
Sharpen the edge of a toothbrush
and you just shank him.
Otherwise, you get a full two semesters.
You're on the menu.
I think
my favorite teacher in high school
was my chemistry teacher.
I thought she was the one that...
I connected with the most because
it's so weird.
The idea of...
The idea of
protons and electrons
and fucking chemicals
and reacting with each other.
It's so...
It's complicated.
You summed it up so well there.
No, no, no.
That's my whole year class
in a sentence fragment.
It just all sounds like magic.
I wasn't trying to explain magic to you
the whole time. It's pretty fascinating.
Yeah, no. It's a lot of fun.
I'm a biology guy myself,
but...
Then we can be friends.
You're like, biology's
just like a weird theater play
built on
the set that I'm responsible for.
Now, okay.
Here's a real question for you.
Okay.
I want to know about, as a teacher,
how much of your brain is occupied
by that idea of
you're a performer
and, like, I'm killing, I'm dying,
I'm losing them. I'm getting them back.
Yeah.
A lot.
Yeah. A lot.
Yeah.
And how much does that drive what you're
doing?
Because I would think, if I were a teacher,
that's why I'm not a teacher, because I would be like,
okay, guys, 2 plus 2 equals,
and I hear a yawn, I'm like, equals party!
And that's not true.
It doesn't equal that.
No.
But I would teach them that, because I'd be like, don't kill me.
Yeah, no, it's, well,
when I was a kid, I loved doing theater.
So I do feel, and then,
but then I also fell in love with science and studied science.
So I do feel like it's sort of
a bit of acting and a bit of science.
So you have that awareness that you're like,
you know, who am I presenting as?
Like, I need to be a character that they can trust.
Yeah.
Well, I feel like, when I think about it,
I feel like I'm definitely myself in front
of my classroom. I'm really open to my kids.
I try to be really honest
about a lot of stuff.
But I do feel like
I sort of put on a character when I get
to school every morning a little bit.
Accent?
I'm a lot more outgoing and
humorous there
than you're going to find out that I am
tonight.
I feel like the bow tie
is part of that, but not to...
Yeah, definitely. Absolutely.
Because I'm thinking, running a simulation
of my high school self and
imagining myself being in your class.
And my first thought,
just looking at you
without knowing you at all,
I would be like, don't fuck with this guy.
Oh, God, no.
I don't think I've ever
taught a student who thought that about me.
Well, I...
I think it's more like...
I don't mean don't fuck with him because he can kick my ass.
I mean, don't get on this guy's bad side
because he's actually like...
He's hardcore OG nerd.
And like, he
is going to pay huge
dividends if you're...
If you give him a minimal
amount of attention.
And he will leave you behind
with the smart kids
if you fuck around.
That's a
version of hierarchy that I
would recognize. Keith gets really
nice letters years later,
even from students who thought his
class was too hard or whatever.
Like, it makes
you cry sometimes, actually, to get
really nice letters. I cry about a lot of things.
That's true.
I think in an American modern society
about the bow tie, Tucker Carlson
notwithstanding,
the bow tie is sort of like, hey,
you know what?
Formal,
but only
in the sense that
I had to be.
I can't put my finger on it.
Can you tie?
You say you wear them all the time, right?
Do you do it without looking or
do you have to have a mirror?
I can't do it with looking. I have
terrible spatial reasoning.
Left and right gets mixed up, so if I try
to look in a mirror and do it, I
strangle myself.
Would it be a bullshit thing for me to ask
for you to untie or bow tie and retie it?
Because
I have to have a mirror to tie a bow tie.
A lot of people have never seen a bow tie
be tied, including I'm speaking for myself.
I should use my
eye statements. I have never seen a bow tie
be tied.
Well, I'm so glad I could be here to do this
thing.
I will say a couple of great things about
bow ties over neck ties.
Can't
spill on it.
Oh, okay.
Never mind.
No.
Get in it.
This is...
I'm so not going to be able to do
this.
I'm like, I'm seriously
shaking.
Oh, well, that made it
worse.
These people came from all over the world
to watch you tie your bow tie.
Tie, tie, tie, tie, tie.
Tie.
Yeah.
Yeah, baby.
I would say, I would say, mic drop, that is so hard to do, I would say if you were ever
dying in class, just untie your tie and do that, and then tell them all to sit down.
I think Keith, that was the most show busy thing that's ever happened on our show.
Awesome.
And that's why I married him too, because can you imagine that dexterity put to other
uses.
Uh-oh.
I'm not sure exactly what you mean, but that sounds like a hand.
The English major's interpretation of the...
I'll get it later.
I hope you guys don't mind sharing the stage with maybe some pilgrims tonight, because
the show is ending, and so the audience is packed with people who have come, like the
flung themselves from all four corners of the earth, and how many people came from another
country tonight?
Yeah.
That's great.
Wow.
How many people came from like a long way away in the U.S. or Canada?
Yeah.
Wow.
That's a bit more believable.
How many people wore red tonight?
How many people can tie a bow tie without looking?
Oh, see, they're lying.
But the first person that comes to mind that I met at the drawing room, which I got in
my car from the Rick and Morty office, and I literally hit the wrong button on my Tesla
screen, and I ended up going to what was my old home, which is a couple blocks from the
drawing room, and I...
So I went into the drawing room for the first time in like six months, and it was just filled
with...
I'm going to call it neurodiversity.
And proudly so, and really passionate people, like people just thanking me for doing the
podcast, being so respectful and amazing.
And one of the most inspiring things, by the way, not to get off on a tangent, but was actually
the drawing room regulars, the people that...
My social anxiety was like, fuck, these people must hate me for fucking being a magnet for
outside interlopers and all these things.
But some of the more working class elements of them were, because they talked to you guys,
they were at the end, they were going like, hey, man, talk to those people, and the shit
they say about you, fucking cheers, man.
I was like, that's you guys, you're nice.
You sold me to these guys who... fuck them.
They're not here.
But anyways, thank you, and every single Harmontown fan as a matter of tradition, their introduction
is always...
I'm so sorry.
I don't mean to interrupt you.
I hate that you're...
I'm doing this to you, but my name is so and so.
They come in so low, you almost want to punch them, but you don't, because you understand
that is exactly what I would do, that's exactly how I would feel, and so many of you came
up to me tonight.
One of you in particular came up to me in the middle of my conversation with someone
else and just said, I'd like to talk to you about autism.
That was your introduction, and I said to that person, do you know who the guest is
tonight?
No.
It's Steve Silberman, and they were like, oh my God.
Well, let me tell you this, being Steve Silberman, I have a lot of autistic friends, and they
thank you so much, particularly for Abed, because it gave them a person who they could
really relate to in visible media.
I wrote a character based on my friend, almost punching Downish, like I was like, hey, my
funny friend, and then because I was narcissistic and hadn't been abused enough by online, I
was constantly googling myself and my show, and what I saw was this new thing called the
autistic community saying, we love this Abed character, and I, because of greed and selfishness
and desire to do a good job by these people, I was like, what do they mean?
Why do they like him?
And they would say, he doesn't have Pinocchio syndrome.
They would say all these things, and it was like, oh my God, what is this thing?
What's Pinocchio syndrome?
Well, it's just this idea that if you're the data character on Star Trek, if you're these
characters.
I want to be a real boy.
Yeah.
Oh God, if only I could give someone a hug, then I'd be the greatest person ever.
That's like, I don't mean to put down hugs.
Well, I don't mean, if that is someone's journey, I don't mean to diminish that, but there is
a very, very large community of people that are like, actually, this doesn't feel that
much like a disability.
I'm constantly watching you people give each other hugs, and then run away crying from
each other.
It kind of all comes out in the wash.
I basically am like behind this piece of plexiglass, which sometimes is an inconvenience, but overall
seems to avoid a lot of trouble.
I seem to be much more efficacious at my job.
I don't understand why you people feel sorry for me and want to cure me of this plexiglass.
That seems a little stupid.
And so they get a little annoyed, they see a character in a show that's kind of resonating
with them because they're like, I'm a robot, or I'm a puppet, or I'm a wooden clock, or
I'm a fucking flying carpet.
I'm looking at the carpet.
There's no such thing as a flying carpet that's like an autism thing.
You guys saw Aladdin?
That carpet's autistic.
It'll take you anywhere, but it doesn't care.
But I would watch them, and they would go like, I love Abed because he doesn't have
Pinocchio syndrome.
He doesn't do this.
He doesn't do that.
And I was like, I want these people on my side.
I want to do right by them.
And then I took tests online because I wanted to learn the details of, like, I wanted to
send them signals, I'm on your side.
I want to be like, if you were like writing Sons of Anarchy, like let me take a test about
motorcycles, like, oh, my handbrake gives me skin burns, or whatever, I'm like, whatever.
Give me fucking money, cha-ching.
I was only doing it through greed and narcissism, I was like, let me, I like this community.
I want your approval.
Well, you know, I went through the same thing while writing Neurotribes because I started
writing about autism as a science writer for Wired.
But as soon as I did a bunch of research, going all the way back through the Holocaust
and everything, I realized, I like these people.
These people are on a journey towards autonomy.
You said the people that created America.
Right, exactly.
A journey towards autonomy?
You said?
Yes.
Explain that to me.
What I mean is autistic adults for most of the 20th century were like living and dying
in institutions.
So and everybody was talking about autism behind their backs.
So I was like, oh, what causes autism?
Believe it or not, most autistic people don't wake up in the morning and say, I wonder what
caused my autism.
You know, they think about how they can have fun or how they can have friends or how they
can fall in love or how they can get a job or et cetera.
And so I wanted to send them signals in my book that I was on their side too.
And so that's why my book sort of took off with the blessing of the autistic community
for which I'm very, very grateful.
Yeah, it was super successful in that regard.
Yeah.
And there are, anyways, but sorry, like I was describing this person who came up and said,
I want to talk about autism.
And she literally did not know that you were the guest tonight.
And so I would be remiss of like, I think that we should bring her up.
Yes, I spoke to her before you did because I was at the drawing room earlier and she
said like, I think it was her first episode where you were the guest and like, yeah, we
have to bring her up.
I don't want to put too much pressure on her, but I also don't want her to live the rest
of her life going like, I wanted to talk to him about autism and then the autism guy was
on the show, whatever.
So is it Jessica, right?
Jennifer.
Jennifer is very close.
Carrasquillo.
All right.
Jennifer Carrasquillo.
But really, Jessica, you go by Jessica mostly.
Whoa.
Awesome.
Thank you, Rob.
Nice, like James Bond kind of tuck and roll on the stage.
That was very good.
That was at Tobias Yunke.
All right.
Let's talk about autism.
No pressure.
Jennifer, first off, you were a behavior specialist.
What's it again?
Yeah.
Use your microphone.
What you said.
Say it like the way that you know how to say it better than I do.
I'll be your specialist.
Yeah.
Woo.
What does that mean?
You work for companies, corporations, and you deal with people, like break it down for
me.
I specialize in autism.
I direct all the autism.
I'm an autism director.
Use the mic like a girl.
Who are the people who you work with usually?
No.
I work primarily.
Use your microphone.
I work primarily with children on the autism spectrum from the ages of 0 to 11, or 11,
and the services are pretty broad.
It's education.
Yeah.
If you could make a wish that would make the world better for the people you work with,
what would it be?
Oh, that's a really good question.
That's a great question.
It's a fucking phenomenal question.
That's why I love him.
Oh, my God.
It would really be about creating not really so much the contrived environment from the
ages of the educational ages, but beyond that, and figuring out where people fit into society,
because I think there's just so many expectations of us that we all have to fit into this different
environment.
I don't fucking know what I'm talking about.
Actually, no.
You were going to a good place.
You know what I mean?
I feel like we're all channeled into these very specific ways that we go, and it's sometimes
the people that have the ability to contribute the most to these different areas are just
kind of overlooked, and that's the cool thing about autism and services like what we do
is we make sure that they don't get overlooked, and we make sure that these people that have
these incredible contributions to everything have a voice.
That's awesome.
Excellent.
That's like a big theme of your book is the idea of accepting neurodiversity, and therefore
the way a society could react, it's basically building, it's going, oh, don't we all recognize
that all of our brains are like these crazy fireworks, and then therefore wouldn't an
ideal society allow for even the most fringe kind of conduits between the weirdest places
of thought up into where they can provide people with help?
That's true.
I think a lot of times stuff like art and comedy and science has been sort of unofficial
channels of that information.
That's it, yes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, comedy, TV, writing, all the arts, the sciences, the writing, I don't know how
broad you want to go.
It's like it's weird people going, can you hear me?
David Lynch, hello.
Right, exactly.
I mean, Diak knows him.
It's like, David Lynch is, I was like not a fan until somebody said, he's autistic,
and I'm like, I'm a fan, because then I look back at every David Lynch film that I was
like, come on already, and then I was like, oh, he's banging on a pipe and going like,
hello?
It's me, David Lynch, can you hear me?
Or for that matter, David Byrne, who's a show American Utopia, and I like Talking Hedge
finally.
Yeah, and the first time I saw him was in 1977, I'm really old, okay, Boomer.
At Oberlin.
And the first time I saw him, I thought, why is that guy so nervous?
He's so nervous.
David Byrne is autistic.
Yeah, he's autistic, or he has Asperger syndrome, which he talks about now.
But the amazing thing about American Utopia is totally uplifting, totally beautiful.
Everybody playing music while they're dancing on stage, the antidote to a lot of what's
going on in this country right now.
It was a very humanizing show, and that's coming from somebody with a neurodivergent
mind.
Yeah.
Can I take you to a weird, uncomfortable place?
Because I think the last time that we talked, maybe I was having dinner with you in San
Francisco with Cody, and I think maybe the election had just happened, and so we were
like hippies in San Francisco going like, okay, I guess the world's ending now.
Right.
And it did, by the way.
It did.
But now, I guess something that I have perceived as a tragedy is that whereas in the past,
neurodiversity built the internet, neurodiversity gave us everything that we were using.
Swipe left, swipe right.
Who comes up with that?
The answer is, anyway, where are we all?
We're all moving in that direction.
Now that the infrastructure has been in place, and all of society is on the internet to the
point where your presidents are chosen by the internet, my biggest frustration is my
brothers on the spectrum, and I'm not diagnosing myself.
I'm saying my people, my neurodivergent people, by virtue of their Han Solo mentality, they're
like, I don't fucking like think like anybody, like those folks are now, whereas in the past
they were the builders of what we have, now they are simply sitting online, they're now,
I watch them, the only way they can express their neurodivergence is by going, oh, butter
emails.
Yeah.
I'm like, dude, you don't, am I wrong about that?
Well, I mean, there are always a lot of people watching television, but yeah, I mean, I know
what you mean.
I'm not going to take part in this system, like, oh yeah, that classically, yeah, your
psychology has not taken part in any system, however, now the definition of not taking
part in the system has now become part of this fucking death star, and I'm like, oh
no, I was 25 once, oh fuck, and I just like, I recede to my swimming pool, I don't know.
No, I know, you know, in the early days of Wired when we were all in this one huge room
with dub music playing and everybody was high and had hickeys on their necks, we thought
the internet was going to absolutely unleash human creativity, and unfortunately what it
unleashed was Russian propaganda.
We thought that the internet was like bound, everybody assumed that almost in a shameful
way, I think we were all like, god damn, when's the government going to catch on to the fact
that once someone in Saudi Arabia can just sell you jewelry in Montana that everything,
racism's going to stop, like, everything's going to stop, like, it's going to pull the
plug on everything that's been driving human, like, jingoism, and I was like, it was the
opposite, it was the opposite, we were like, oh, the internet made us more racist, wow.
Well, not us, but yes, people.
I may be more racist.
Do you feel more racist?
It's certainly, you know what, it's made me a bigger fucking dick, it's made me more
hateful, it's made me more divisive, it's made me go, there are good people and there
are bad people, I never felt that way before.
Yeah, I agree with you, it's made me a worse Buddhist, because I have regular, sort of,
entire iron fantasies involving certain We spoke earlier, you and, like, over the
last few weeks, people were kind of coming to the two Harmontown because it's going
to close soon, we meet a lot of people that talk about, like, why they listen to our weird,
unprepared, stupid show, and it means a lot, it means different things to different people.
What makes you as someone, you know, that's what you do, what draws you to it, and what
made you come out to go see it, because a lot of people came from, like, far and wide
to come tonight, which is really, really cool and kind of blows my mind, like, what is it
for you personally that this did or does or didn't do?
Like, what's your connection to this?
I just don't really have a lot of personal connections overall, so it's
Boo!
Unacceptable!
I just ruin everything.
I'm just going to leave.
What's wrong with you?
So it's cool to just, yeah, it's cool to just, like, kind of get up and be able to
say whatever I have to say, and nobody really connects that to who I am or anything like
that, it's just, I don't know, this, you can just be who you are, it's this existential
sort of thing where you can be wherever, and it's great, and you can do that with this
whole Harmontown thing, because Harmontown doesn't have a location and just is.
So it's kind of a community, and, God, that sounds so dumb.
No, it's good.
But it's cool, it's a community, and that's what, that's what I like about it.
And I mean, so, yeah, that's it.
I like the D&D.
You came for it.
Yeah, I like the D&D, too, that's cool.
Oh, no, no, I didn't.
I was trying that.
But you came all the way from Pennsylvania.
We've met people that came from Vancouver, Japan.
Japan?
Texas, England.
Like, I got the Japan, like, can we keep the carousel moving, and like, can we thank
Jen?
Thank you, Jennifer.
Thank you.
I'm not good at, like, dismissing people, but it's, we got to cavalcade here.
Thank you, Jennifer.
That was awesome.
I didn't have...
Yeah.
Yay!
There were other people.
Awesome.
Who, who, someone actually came from Japan?
Right over here.
Whoa.
That doesn't sound Japanese at all.
Like, it sounds like he's from...
It sounds like...
Kanoka Park.
Well, that's a...
It is me, but I'm not the person from Japan.
It's Ashlyn, right?
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Ashlyn, you want to come up?
Ashlyn, bring it up.
Oh, wow.
Little kimono.
I love it.
Wow.
Yeah.
Excellent.
Hello.
Yo.
There you are.
Holy smoke.
I mean, for our non, like, video listeners, this is a great kimono.
It's the full rig.
Yeah.
With a rear-facing kabuki face.
Actually, this is a, it's a no-mask, which is a...
No.
No is like the predecessor of kabuki theater.
It's a classical Japanese form of theater.
It's almost intertwined.
Like, it's almost like a...
Like, Shintoism is the indigenous religion there.
It's animistic.
And it's kind of like...
It's almost like a religious ceremony as much as it is a performance.
It's really boring.
Wait, so are you visiting from Japan or were you visiting Japan?
No, I live there.
Okay.
Where do you live?
I live outside of Osaka.
Oh, nice.
Yeah.
I've been there for 11 years.
I went there for a grad school.
And I never came back.
Are you fluent in Japanese?
Yes.
That means yes.
I mean, I knew that one.
Can I ask you a question?
Yeah, of course.
What's your favorite really weird Japanese food that you can't get here?
Mice.
It's called...
That's a perpetuated stereotype.
It's called shirako.
And it's like fish's testicles.
But they're inside the fish.
So it's like...
Yeah.
And you can eat them raw or you can eat them cooked.
And they're really tasty.
Shirako.
Can't get them here.
Oh, yesume nasai.
Fish have testicles?
They're inside the body.
What the fuck?
And so...
That's why I'm not a life scientist.
I'm a physical scientist.
Yeah, I don't want to know nothing about that.
I would avoid that subject.
How does the stuff get out?
No, I won't know.
I mean, yeah.
Lots of roe or like eggs as well are tasty.
Kazunoko herring roe is another favorite of mine.
What is the thing on the back called?
The little pouchy business on the back?
Yeah, it's a little...
I have always wondered like, what is the purpose of this?
Because you can't exactly put things in it.
So this is taiko or like drum obi.
But the obi is this long piece of material that you have to expertly weave around yourself.
And so, yeah, what is the purpose of this thing?
I've often thought, I think it's like to make you sit straight or something.
Interesting.
It kind of looks cool.
The thing about Japanese kimono is like, the whole thing is like, you need straight lines.
And I think that speaks to like the body type of the people who develop this tradition, right?
So like, in Europe you have the, I don't even know what era this would be, like Baroque,
but Victorian maybe, just tight waist and like voluptuous curves.
That's the total opposite of what you're going for with kimono.
So I actually have to like, I mean, I don't have big breasts, so that's not a problem.
But I put like, they have like a special pad that you put on your back
and wrap your waist with a towel so that like, this line is straight.
You just want straight lines.
Everything is straight.
I love those.
Some of my favorite lines are straight.
If anything, if anything's curvy, that's actually like a...
Well, it's just not the style.
Yeah, I don't know.
Well, they don't, I mean, they don't really have like curves so much as maybe your friends.
I'm tripping out on the face and the back of my head.
I know, me too.
You're kind of never of duty.
Yeah, I know.
Is the word kimono...
Kimono.
Is that referencing a whole style or just the garment?
Kimono, ki means wear and mono means thing.
So it's just things you wear.
So it is like a, it's a style.
It's like lakosenostri, this thing of ours.
It's just garments.
Yeah, but I mean, it is a certain style of garment.
Now, do you rock a kimono just around town or is this a special offense?
Sometimes.
Well, this, I mean, this is special.
But yeah, I do wear kimono sometimes around town.
So you're visiting from Japan and you're going back home soon?
Yeah, in a week.
Home is Osaka for you, or outside of Osaka?
Yes, yeah.
That's awesome.
Yeah, I came here.
Okay, so you came up to me at the drawing room and you gave me a folded piece of paper and you said there's a story.
Yeah, there's a story.
Origami.
I know, I know.
Pretty entry level.
I know.
I do origami.
I know it's just that, yeah.
I made a floor.
A tatami.
Or a wall.
So that was just, that was a copy.
Right.
I brought my own.
You said you had a story.
Yes, I have a story to tell.
That got no applause.
You whipped that out with such style.
So this is a story of why I came here and what Harmontown means to me.
I want to read part of it, but to set it up.
Cool.
For camera.
It's better if you set it.
No, I'm good.
I kind of want to act out part of it.
I was proud of my tie about a half hour ago.
You've done fantastic.
I'm going to like lavish you.
I'll bring you down, but bring you back up in the end.
This, so I was really depressed.
Like this was only a couple of months ago, maybe two and a half or so.
And yeah, I'd like, it was over the course of six months that it just got worse and worse.
And then like I downward spiraled at the end there and I couldn't, I mean, I just didn't
want to be awake.
And I was listening to this podcast, like just waking up and listening to it just to,
that was my lifeline.
So that's the context.
Well, actually, okay.
And leading up to that, I named you Will Drosten.
Is that okay?
Will Drosten.
To protect my identity.
Or you're going from here to Doug Benson's podcast.
I named you Will Drosten and he's like, that's great, I'm high.
And then you're off to Joe Rogan and you're like, I named you Will Drosten and he's like,
have you tried DMT?
I found Will Drosten on Hey Ho Kool-Aid, which is also a made up name of a podcast that,
okay, I had never heard of him before.
Excuse me.
I started the episode in the car after dropping my friend off on the opposite side of the city.
I was fumbling with the controls while getting lost in a maze of basket woven overpasses and
tunnels, trying to rewind.
I had to concentrate to follow what he was saying.
And it wasn't because he was intentionally obfuscating to trick his interlocutors into assuming he is
intellectually superior.
Lots of people would call him a creative genius, a term that gets bandied about,
especially in Hollywood.
Some people hate his guts, but I can't imagine that gets to him.
He who describes himself as a fat, stupid piece of shit.
Maybe he is.
A nerd, an entertainer, a solipsist, a pariah, an exemplar of redemption, a pariah once
more and once more redeemed, endlessly cycling along the curved quadrants of a four act narrative
whose structure he believes is so deeply etched into our cognitive apparatuses, his tongue
and cheek cameo on an episode of The Simpsons to pick him drawing the circle on a whiteboard.
He doesn't claim to have discovered it, only to have successfully harnessed it to make a lot of money.
His was a particularly delicious swirl of intricately web thoughts spun through articulatory prowess
and above all an unabashed, unadulterated self-loathing.
He didn't try to gloss over his twistedness, his fetishes, his alcohol and drug consumption, or ironically his shame.
He knew where his faults lie and rather than deny them, he called them out in the loudest voice possible.
It felt so good to watch someone do that. It was healing.
I listened to that podcast like medicine, skating the razor's edge of self-righteousness and masochistic humility.
I loved how they played on stage. I want friends to play with like that.
I thought a drift in an ocean of empty beer cans and unwashed dishes.
It's not done! It's not done!
Chapter two.
So, I had this dream where I met you
and we were partners, not necessarily in a romantic way.
Business partners. We don't get to play together.
We were friends and at the end of our misadventures we end up on opposite sides of the street.
We're like in our own houses on opposite sides of the street and we're talking on the landline
and you've got a bunch of creatures and characters in the room with you and I'm alone over here
but we're laughing and joking and I look out the window and notice that you've left your suitcase
on the front porch with the door wide open and so I tried to like weave that into our banter
but it didn't track so I said I'm going to come over and tell you a secret and you were like oh my god
and so you came outside and you were kind of surprised when I just walked past you
maybe like ruffled your hair, put the suitcase inside, closed the door
and I walked back over to you and...
Chapter three.
I kissed the top of your head and at that moment I am instantly and utterly overwhelmed
by the most intense feelings of gratitude, compassion, love and its myriad forms, the entire fucking universe.
Boom! A bolt of lightning cracks and I wake up.
There's a thunderstorm passing outside, tears stream down my face as I blissfully bathe
and the sensory ups and salts of having been seen, been held and understood.
I lie there for a few moments, the bath bubbles are popping, the tub water is draining.
I move to get up but something gently urges, just enjoy these moments, they will be over soon enough.
I sit on the edge of my bed, open the door and listen to the rain, still awash with the feeling of having spent intimate time with someone whom I adore and admire
but we're strangers, right? What was that bolt of lightning?
What about the rising sun streaming perfectly through that embrasure?
What about that repeated topic of conversation? What about that stranger?
Why are you connecting dots if there is no benevolent force assigning them ordered numbers?
How can these be assembled to form a picture in a universe that doesn't deign to move you in any particular direction?
What hit next collided with another bolt of lightning that cracked so loud and near my window that I jumped up and turned around.
Heart pounding, half expecting someone to walk through the door.
The benevolent force is you.
It's you, it's you, it's you, it's you.
If you choose benevolence, you are the engine of the force field that is blasting through the architecture of your consciousness and all of its contents.
You are God.
Alright.
Thank you, Ashlyn. Absolutely beautiful. Ashlyn, everybody.
Yeah, that's incredible.
Thank you so much.
I mean, you don't, like, we started doing this podcast like you don't, like, remember Adam Goldberg?
Yeah, sounds like he's here.
If you say his name three times, he'll appear on stage.
The first thing was like, do you, is this a safe place?
And if it is, do you bully anybody? Do you shut anybody out?
That was such gorgeous prose.
And I could go on about how it should not be applied to me, but that's not what's important.
The prose kind of included that. The o-rings were in place there.
She was able to create an expression of like, oh, this rubber ring could connect to anybody, really.
That's so flattering, so beautiful.
What blows my mind is that people, for some reason, are like, how long, seven years we've been doing this?
No, I think, God, it's a million. And paste.commagazine.org.edu.
Somebody said we're one of the top ten podcasts of the decade, which I didn't realize was like, we're nearing the end of a decade.
Top 30.
Yeah, I was gonna say.
I wish. Don't get me wrong.
We were number 21 out of 30, I think.
Alright, fine.
I guess somebody polished that knob for me.
We might have been in the top ten.
I thought it was one of the top ten.
Over the last couple of days, people have been coming, strange pilgrimage to the drawing room to say hi and go to the show and meet up with other Harmontown fans.
It's really crazy. You guys came from everywhere. It's amazing.
Has anybody not been to Los Angeles before tonight?
Most of them.
That's awesome.
I met Sarah and Austin. You guys are from Chicago.
My dad went there for school.
There's Jennifer from Pennsylvania.
Samson and Riley from where?
Okay, well, what's your name from Vancouver?
What's your name, buddy, from Vancouver?
Samson and Riley.
Danny from Vancouver.
Oh, shit.
Because I met him at the drawing room and he...
Bring it up.
Where's he at?
What he said, Danny from Vancouver...
Danny.
I put a lot of pressure on you, but what you said was you've been working on a Dan Harmon.impression.
Oh, yeah.
That was one word long and you had it about 30% of the way.
I was like, all right, come up and share it.
Yeah, it's a sound and a word.
Sorry to expand upon, but I promised you.
This is a bait and switch.
I feel comfortable.
As we near the end of me being a public figure, I'm like, honestly,
I would have loved to have seen a lot more impressions of me from the James Adomians of the world.
I've solicited it, so whatever you can give me, I love it.
Yeah, I tried.
My friend Samson put me onto your podcast about nine months ago.
I started binge listening and there was just one word that I picked up on that I thought quintessentialized Dan Harmon
and maybe I could possibly imitate you on.
So I need Jeff's help.
I just need you to end sort of a non sequitur, an irritating story that Dan would find.
Just something that, you know, whether you mean fucking or just anything sort of like end of a story.
And then I'll, yeah.
And the major D turned to me and said, thank you.
All right.
Danny from Vancouver.
Danny everybody.
You better get out of here, Danny.
All right, thank you. Give it up for Danny everybody.
He made Rob go crazy.
Do you know what I realized tonight?
Rob Schrab is the Rudy Giuliani of the Harmontown administration.
That's exactly what he is.
It's like friend or foe.
We don't know.
It's like if you watch like Seth Meyers impression of Rudy Giuliani, it's like, yeah.
Oh, you don't like that?
Neither would Rudy.
Fuck it. Who else came from way far away?
It's your birthday.
What's your name, sir?
Josh.
Josh, where are you from?
San Antonio.
Bring it up, Josh.
Happy birthday.
You guys okay?
Josh, when you get up here, Steve Supper's going to diagnose you on the spectrum.
Where are we at, Steve, so far on the neurodiversity?
It's 9-11.
What up, Josh? Happy birthday.
How old are you today?
I'll be 37 on Thanksgiving.
That's not your fucking birthday then, Josh.
I lied to you.
I'm sorry.
Oh, come on.
Hey, how many of y'all got booed on stage today?
Lies.
I made Dan Harmon laugh.
Alright, shit.
Okay, Josh, you're from San Antonio.
I am.
I'm going to be there in a few days.
What's that bar?
They used to be an old billiard hall where they have fuck-off devil's eggs.
It's got like a neon sign out front.
I don't know.
I'll take you somewhere better.
Okay.
Wow, you've lied to me once already, Josh.
Alright, well, in the show's defense, you did say,
who's from somewhere else?
And he was like, San Antonio, you're like, come up here.
Right.
So, like, I'm on his side if anyone's like, boo,
because he didn't ask for this.
They didn't ask for it.
He yelled out, it's my birthday.
I did.
I totally voted for this.
Alright, so it's not, and it's not.
That's not.
But, right, now, let's get to work.
You think you're, you think maybe you're autistic or,
did you write a beautiful letter about like the fucking nature of my soul?
Where's your fucking kimono first off?
I could recite some poetry.
The community is like hands down my favorite show on behalf of everyone who loves it.
Thank you very much for making that.
I've seen it about 500 times from beginning to end,
and I think that has something to do with autism.
I know they're finding comfort in the repetition.
And it, you know, as someone who also doesn't have a whole lot of friends,
like this show does, it gives you that sense of community.
I think it's one of Maslow's hierarchy of, you know,
self-realization that you...
Continue.
Yeah, you...
Well, Maslow had nine other hierarchies that are less publicized,
and for good reason.
Maslow's hierarchy of crushing posts.
Which was a best-selling book.
It was like, there were like nine...
He had a hierarchy of surfing.
A hierarchy of a red cabbage diet.
Alright, sorry.
I can't riff.
Go to the carpet again.
A sense of community.
Maslow's hierarchy of carpet.
Alright, sorry.
Continue, please.
Draw a fire.
I had a question about community.
Can Chang Astral project?
There's an episode where they all go out to...
And, you know, Brita wants to spray paint the billboard or whatever,
and she's hanging out with Mike L.
And then Chang is like running through the theater,
but no one acknowledges him whatsoever.
And then there's another time at the table where...
Just like no one acknowledges him, and I'm like,
is he really there?
Is he Abe's imaginary friend?
The idea was that he might...
He himself might be a ghost.
Or he might have been interacting with ghosts all night.
Well, I would imagine if you could ask for a project that you could...
That's your ghost.
Right.
You're asked for a project and he's a ghost.
Yeah, and I...
Like, thank you.
I loved that episode.
And I...
God, like, that episode...
How about John Oliver as a dramatic actor?
Yeah.
Oh.
Let me ask you a question.
Not to fire back in your face.
But in this weird time of community being shopped around
as a streaming thing,
if maybe something on the table were like,
oh, we'd pay more if you did more episodes
or if you did a movie or whatever.
I wrote a script for it if you wanted.
I'll email it to you.
That's not where I was going, but...
As a consumer, which is what you are...
Indeed.
Don't lose sight!
Uh...
What's that?
Would you...
Like, would you...
Do you want to...
Like, would you want to see a community movie?
Absolutely.
One yes.
Stop!
Yes!
That's an easy yes.
Who wants free ice cream?
I was like, would you want to see a community movie
that was A, like, do you want to see everybody like...
I mean, what does that entail?
Like, I only want to ask you because, like, you know,
even though, like, I just want to complain about this
for a second while I'm drunk.
For a second.
If I was Parks and Rec, it would just be like,
oh, should I sell to Netflix or Peacock?
No, it's a community, so it's like,
well, are you going to make a movie or not?
I'm sure Netflix would buy it and, like, have a heartbeat.
Yeah, I'm sure they'd buy a lot of fucking Netflix.
Fucking Walmart of TV.
Fuck!
You could do it as an animation.
Bojack Horseman's canceled,
but everyone was watching it.
Like, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
All right.
Okay.
Thank you, Josh.
Welcome.
It was good enough for Josh, everybody.
Thank you, brother.
All right, all right.
Are you friends with Riley in San Francisco?
Let's get out of the television business.
Nobody heard that.
Steve, look, you're a deadhead.
Yes.
You worked with Alan Ginsberg.
I did.
You're a gay, married journalist.
You work with Ginsburg?
I was his teaching assistant.
What the hell?
Yeah, when I was a teenager.
That's why I love him.
Well, that's fucked up.
Starfucker.
You fucking starfucker.
We knew it.
You got me here tonight.
Exactly.
What other qualifications do I have?
You're a chemistry teacher.
You're like, hey, potassium plus fluoride equals potassium fluoride.
I don't think that's how it works.
Okay.
All right.
Look, Steve, what's your favorite hydrocarbon?
Top five.
Top five hydrocarbons.
Methane.
Just go in order.
Yeah, yeah.
I got a soft spot for hexane.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
That's a fucking hot take.
That's a fucking, yeah.
That's a sentence I never thought I would hear today.
It's a sentence I've never said before.
All right.
Now, is hexane a hydrocarbon?
Yeah.
Great.
It's like six aims.
And I'm sure there's exothermic reactions involved there, right?
Well, it's pretty flammable, yeah.
Yeah.
Actually, it's a cool demo that you, the, the, it evaporates and the vapor is both heavier
than air and super flammable.
So you can pour it like down a ramp to a candle and then it burns up the whole ramp.
Keith?
That's a good one.
For $5.
Out of my own pocket.
At what temperature is methane liquid?
Oh.
I literally just taught about the boiling points of hydrocarbons last week, and I don't know.
You can look at the periodic table.
Yeah.
No.
I it's it's cold.
It's really cold.
It's got to be real cold.
It's got to be real.
You got to be on one of them.
It's got to be real cold.
That's pretty much the level of expertise I bring to my classroom.
Yeah.
What's the boiling point of this real cold really cold?
Are there like seas of it?
Man, as far as I'm concerned, you're bulletproof because you tied a motherfucking bow tie without
looking like that.
You are now.
And while being yelled at.
You're, you're, you're my Superman.
Is it, is it, is it, you know, if it's prying, whatever, because you have students, whatever.
I, I, like, like, how did you guys meet?
That's what I want to know.
I want to hear the name of the group.
We won't.
Yeah.
We met on the online before the web.
I had written an article for wired about gay and lesbian teenagers building community
on America online and everybody said, yeah, American online sucks, but check out use net.
So I went to use net and I had just spent a month and a half interviewing these little
gay kids who were like saving each other from suicide and taking each other in when they
ran away from their abusive parents and whatnot.
And the first thing I see on use net was some bitchy queen saying, oh, these young gay kids
these days, they're all airheads and twinks.
They're squandering the freedoms we fought so hard for at Stonewall.
Okay.
And it was not me.
No, it was not you.
It was not me.
It is roommate.
Yeah.
No.
And so, so I wrote back and I said, no, actually, they're amazing.
And you know, I have this article and wired magazine, blah, blah, blah.
Keith wrote me the next day and said, are you the same Steve Silverman who reviews Grateful
Dead shows for this online community called the will.
That's the connection is the dead.
It's true.
And he, and he, and he said gay dead heads are rare, which was true.
And so I walked into a gay dead heads are rare.
Yeah, they, they, they are.
They're more common now, but yeah.
I mentioned, well, anything dead head is rare, like black dead heads are rare.
Yeah.
Women dead heads are rare.
Yes.
There's only a lot of women.
Okay.
Well, they're half the plan.
There are zero gay parent heads.
There's only there are no gay parents.
Anyway, we have better tastes than that.
Okay.
So after I talked to Keith on the phone a couple of times, I went to meet him at a brew pub
in Berkeley and I walked in, we had not talked about our ages or our appearance.
And so I am 12 years older than Keith.
Oh, that's so gross.
I know it's gross.
I'm 12 years older than Cody.
So, so in any case, I walked into the brew pub and there was this fucking gorgeous guy
and I thought to myself, oh, this is going to be a nightmare for him.
He's going to think like I'm some old troll from the internet, but actually he liked me
and we liked each other and we've been together for 25 years.
Wow.
And about a month, about a month and a half after we met, we were on fish tour together.
We were.
Okay.
We went to show in Chico actually.
The only time I've been to Chico, I saw fish play in the gym.
Matthews.
No, no, no.
God, no, we haven't had a taste of that.
Steve's not here.
Can I ask you both?
So you're both dead heads and fish, fish, fish food?
What do you call fish lovers?
Fans.
Fans with a pH.
What?
Fins.
Fanatics.
Fanatics, they call them.
And I'm not talking shit.
What is the appeal of dead head, like Grateful Dad and fish?
Because I listened to it and I don't really get it.
Yeah.
It's improvised.
You know, jazz style improvisation applied to rock and roll music, basically.
So if you, you know, if you think, if you hear jazz and you think boring, you probably
won't like the dead or fish.
Right.
It's because you're watching transparency on stage.
They're doing something.
They're going like, Hey, let me try this.
Boom, boom, boom.
Right.
And then like, Oh, is it really all improv or are they doing like, they have, they have
obviously songs.
But they improvise segues and they, a lot of, they'll just do like, they'll just, they'll
just riff for a while.
So we, no, it's not just, that's such an important distinction.
It's not just riffing.
It's more like narrative storytelling without words, basically using.
But improvisationally.
Yeah.
Yes.
Okay.
Wow.
And it's, it's a fish for me.
The, the, uh, what I love about their improvisations and their style is that they build these sort
of repetitive, um, and yet subtly, slowly changing sort of patterns.
And I swear it's just like how my brain works.
Like I do, I do great thinking at fish shows.
Really?
Yeah.
Like they'll, that's actually a big thing for both dead and fish is that it gives one
a chance to be alone with oneself in a really beautiful way in a crowd of people.
Yeah.
I love being alone around people.
That's one of my favorite things.
Our friend Harris Wittels was a big fish guy, had a whole podcast about like, come
at me about fish.
And that was his whole thing.
It was like, he would write on parks and rec and was like a valued employee.
And then he'd go to fish concerts and he was like, that's, I'd never heard it described
that way though, that it's a way to actually, it allows you to keep people at a distance.
Now that Jerry has gone, uh, do you still go, did they still have dead shows?
They do.
The Dead and Company with John.
Do you still go to them?
Not so much.
Jerry, Jerry was a big piece of it.
Jerry was a genius.
But fish, like, let's say I, who don't know anything about any of this, if I went to like
just walking cold to a fish show, what do you think my neuro-tropical-
You might think it was really boring.
Yeah.
Um, and you might think the lyrics were nonsense.
And you'd think that most of the fans are robotic cult members.
Well, like, say things in unison.
I was in like a dive bar in Orlando, Florida, and a giant group of people came in and there
was a Jimmy Buffett show had just broken up and a bunch of, you know, 50-year-old, 50-something,
60-somethings, parrot heads came in and there was the nicest, happiest fans I've ever met
in my life.
That's great.
And so like, like, there must be something going on because when I hear Jimmy Buffett,
I want to take my own life.
No, I know.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Well, you know, I'll tell you something.
Actually, there is, believe it or not, a Dan Harmon Grateful Dead connection, which is
that.
I'm in.
Yeah.
Which is that one of the things that we've been hearing about all night tonight is misfit
power.
That's how Bob Weir said it about the Grateful Dead.
That's what drew people to the Grateful Dead because no, they were not cute.
No, they were not stylish.
No, it didn't matter if they were, you know, had a hit record or not.
People would be self-selecting into the community of deadheads.
And just because you love the music and you like the people and you love to have a good
time around these people, but not a good time like those other people have, but this good
time.
And I think community has self-selected in the same way for people who haven't felt
at home in other places in the world, but really feel at home here.
Yeah.
We're like juggalos.
All right.
Who?
How do you guys feel about Rush?
Not.
Don't ask us about every damn rock rush.
Okay, lightning bonus round, name bands.
When I listened to Phil Collins, nobody has the relationship with Phil Collins that I
have.
I had a roommate once who had the same relationship with Phil Collins that I had.
And we would go like, yeah, she seems to have an invisible touch.
And we were like, we were into it.
It was, it did, Phil Collins wasn't doing anything wrong and we were doing something
right.
Yes, he was.
He was.
You dicks.
Phil Collins.
That's the thing.
Like correct me if I'm wrong, not to high road him, but go ahead and fucking high road
him.
Like that's the shit you're escaping when you become a deadhead or a fish band.
It's like you're escaping the fucking snobbery, right?
No, you're escaping the banality like you're just like, you know what?
I don't know anything about fucking why this is good or bad music, but I'm just going to
hang out.
Yeah.
I mean, Phil Collins, you know, he's not my favorite, but when you when you sing, it's
who was there.
It's my eggshell.
What eggshell did you eat when you were fucking going from an embryo to a chicken?
I love Neil Diamond way too much.
People have a like love hate and I would never take that away from you.
No, because I'm a good friend.
Phil Collins.
I mean, Neil Diamond.
Come on.
There's not even a fucking contest there.
Oh, there is.
But who?
Who?
He was a Jew.
He was a Jew who sang gospel music.
Oh my God.
Phil Collins is a drummer in a band that should never have existed.
I agree.
He's the fucking drummer.
We agree on that.
Master.
The next you're going to say you love Sting and the police like fucking booze.
I don't.
Sting's great.
I love the police.
Fuck all of you people.
Also outcast, fun to listen to.
I don't understand you people.
I don't get it.
Hey, y'all, like it's a good song.
It's a toe tapper.
I don't get it.
I like, like, like, like the music snobbery.
I don't I don't I don't know where it's supposed to end.
What what is your what is your guilty pleasure band shop like like like that?
You're like people go like what kind of band are you into and you're like, oh, well, I'm
not going to mention this because I don't want to be made fun of.
Well, I like I'm go boingo.
Do you like and yeah, yeah, I do like in you.
That's the way.
Yeah.
It's fucking good way.
Steve Steve.
What is it?
So you're a deadhead.
You're you're you're super hip.
You get your Ginsburg San Francisco married gay journalist credits.
Now tell us who's the fucking like what's the what's the what's the what's the Spotify
thing you click that you're embarrassed about.
I well, especially on this stage, it says you're going to ruin that.
I think the tight.
All right.
Is that the rocks candy?
We all there's too many things happening at once here.
Rob, we do in favor and also it's only for for visual.
I was talking about Billy Zane earlier.
Will you just do take your glasses off?
I'm not going to just give me your old give me your non your nonverbal your nonverbal
your nonverbal just just facial Billy Zane.
Don't tell me I don't have to do it.
Did you see sticks?
Is that what you're saying?
No, Sting.
Sorry.
Sting.
Yeah.
Sting's voice.
Give me a break.
Yeah.
Are we going to pretend there's nothing remarkable about Sting's voice again?
Oh yeah.
Let's all go to our graves in denial, right?
That's ridiculous.
Police and I almost said retarded, but I changed it to ridiculous because Sting taught
me patience.
Just do a little.
I'll just give me one second.
He's pimping me and I don't want to.
What?
You don't want to do Billy Zane?
Don't do it.
I mean, you put me on the spot.
I don't want to.
I had the time.
Oh.
It's good.
Come on.
Just do your fucking.
All right.
Wait.
Schrab.
You were a shit to me last week in the writer's room.
Talk of dish.
Dish.
Whoa.
You did a great job.
I just want to beat the living hell out of you right now.
Oh my God.
You were being such a dick the whole day.
I was not a being a dick.
I was not.
I'm trying to help save your show.
Oh my God.
You wrote a great script and then you're just like the next week.
You're just like.
You're like an eight year old child of 46.
Like, why are you going to act like that?
I was just like, like, what did I do that deserves just sitting there.
You're like, do your fucking billy thing, do your fucking billy thing.
I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, oh, I'm just going to beat the living hell out of you.
I meant that.
You know, I know.
I know.
And you're not a violent guy.
Because I wanted to beat you with a baseball bat.
I told that to Kate, and I said, Dan said he wanted to beat me with a baseball bat.
And you know what she said, if she's a good partner?
What did you do?
Yeah, she did.
Because I was saying it like, I didn't want her to beat you.
Because she knows you.
Why are you smiling?
And I'm like, because it was awesome.
I did it.
I got Dan to threaten to beat me with a baseball bat.
And if Tate is the woman I know she is, she was like,
what did you do?
Yes.
What did you do?
Fuck it.
We hang in there.
We have a gold mine in front of us.
70 episodes.
Everyone, keep your cool.
Let's all just make a bunch of money.
Right.
Yeah.
What were we talking about?
Billy Zane.
No, wait.
OK.
Do your Billy Zane or I'll give you this option.
Because one of the best impressions
I've ever seen Rob Schrab do.
We were in LA not that long.
And Schrab was like, Schrab came to, Schrab said,
I'm pretty sure I think Nicholas Cage drove by me
on a motorcycle today.
And this is like 20 years ago.
And I was like, how do you know it was Nicholas Cage?
He was like, well, he was wearing a helmet.
And I was like, well, then how on earth
would you know it was Nicholas Cage?
And Schrab answered my question by holding a folder
in front of his face.
And with his eyes and eyebrows alone,
convinced it going like, oh, that's Nicholas Cage.
So.
Nice.
For $5 a month, you can see what just happened.
Go to Harmontown.com.
They're like, why?
Give me Rob, Rob, just for me.
I don't want to fucking do it.
Happy birthday.
Give me a little fucking bit of a thing.
I'm not a.
I don't want to do it, all right?
The room.
You just said Nicholas Cage.
That's fine.
I gave him that out.
He did that.
That's fine.
Give me it now.
What did you do that made Dan so mad?
Well, Dan said he wanted a.
He was working on his panic room.
Sure.
And then I said, you should have a panic at the disco room.
No, that's not.
Well, that's.
And then he said, I just want to take a bat.
That's a great idea.
And beat the hell out of you.
I just want to beat.
And he was like, and I mean it.
That's not.
Nothing about that is accurate.
That is so true.
That's not.
Nothing about that is accurate.
No, it's totally accurate.
So, Dan.
You wanted to beat the hell out of me.
About the fucking show.
I'm trying to write Rick and Morty with you.
Right.
And I said, halfway through a rant, as I riff,
I go like, oh, well, I don't know.
Maybe it'd be like a thing like this,
and I want to be like that.
And I said, as I want to, I said, oh, well,
that would be like a Christopher Durang thing.
And it's like, in my mind, I was going like, well,
maybe it's like so much metaphor that it's absurd.
You hang a lantern on it.
I don't even know what I was referencing.
I'm not like a theater major.
But I'm like, Christopher Durang.
I throw it out.
I throw out a lot of things.
I keep talking.
I keep talking because I fucking try and I
work to keep my show afloat.
And this guy is sitting over there.
And then it wasn't.
It was like, he's sitting over there looking just
like he is right now.
And he's 50 years old.
Don't let him fool you.
He's 50.
So there's no excuse for what I'm about to tell you.
And I keep going.
I'm like, well, what if Rick had this relationship with this?
And we're like, the laser thing, and we don't want
the cannon to be this.
And there's finally silence because my fucking lungs
collapse.
And we're just like, silence.
And then Schrab goes, oh, what would Christopher Durang do?
And that's when I said, I want to fucking pound
your face in.
Because you knew what you were doing.
Because all you do is sit there and I fucking talk.
And I'm going to fucking talk.
And then you're like, Christopher Durang.
I'm like, fuck you, fuck you.
You know I was mad at you.
I was mad at you.
Yeah.
And then as soon as I said, I want to beat your face,
I was like, I'm not mad at you anymore.
Because we've been, you guys have been together 25 years.
Try 30.
Yeah.
Really, really?
And try not fucking.
See if, try that.
Yeah.
Work with Steve Silverman for 25 years and don't fuck him.
See if you can handle this shit.
Because you can't.
All right.
Like, it gets fucking, it gets on your nerves sometimes.
This guy, Christopher Durang.
I'm like, fuck you.
I didn't really do what the fuck, man.
And why didn't you let my panic in the disco show?
Everyone wants a show.
I'm trying to make your life better by adding humor.
You're trying to make your life better.
Adding spice.
Why don't you guys just fuck?
Finally.
You know what?
I would, except it would be a disservice to the gay community.
Because it would be too straight, guys.
Reinforcing the idea that fucking is about power.
I think after seven years of Harmontown,
it's high time for some heterosexual grudge fucking.
Yeah, I don't know.
I won't take part of that.
But it was like, look, like, Schrab wrote,
like, it'll be 70 years from now.
The way Rick and Morty's schedule goes.
Schrab wrote an amazing script.
Schrab is a great writer.
Schrab is on Rick and Morty now.
Schrab did a great job.
That's why I don't know why he's being such a fucking cock
all the time.
Like, I'm just sitting and I'm like,
it's just like, I go in and I go, like, hey, guys,
what if the story was about a thing?
It was about a thing.
And then Schrab's like, about a thing?
But that's why Schrab is the greatest.
What are you, a fucking eight?
I don't know.
I don't know what to tell you.
Well, how am I supposed to do it, right?
No, I'm not going to let you do that to me.
I'm not going to let you tell me what to tell you.
I don't care.
I'm glad you're there.
Dan, have you been on a show not as the top?
Like, have you ever been in Schrab's position
where you're writing?
I mean, you have at least a couple times, right?
Like in award ceremonies or whatever.
As a writer.
Like, you're a staffer.
Yeah, and it didn't go well.
I'm not trying to got you or you or whatever.
But it's just like.
No, no, yeah.
Yeah, you're exactly right.
I'm just wondering.
The capacity is like award shows for which I won an award.
Because that's how you work for.
Yeah, we got the same Emmy.
I took mine home.
Yeah, I got mine, too.
OK, great.
I mean, it doesn't, yeah.
But like, like, it.
Got the same.
Yeah, it absolutely is a flaw of mine that I did not.
See, he likes me.
I was just wondering.
This is what somebody who likes me looks like.
See?
Wow.
I am not taking sides.
Yeah, you are.
Who's the potassium and who's the nitrate?
Yeah, I want to know.
That's all I want to know.
All right, now let's get back to these guys for Christ's sake.
Let me ask you a question.
OK.
Since the show is winding down, this is the penultimate show,
is there anything that you guys have always
wanted to say to each other that's been like, building up?
Ooh, it's holding up.
Look, man.
You'd never close your eyes anymore when I kiss for you.
I know.
I will say to you, Steve Silverman,
it has always been a huge thing for Schrab.
Like, this idea of me as an unavailable person,
like, this whole thing, like, oh, Dan Harmon's so hard.
He's so, like, yeah.
It's so easy for him.
So what?
What?
You didn't finish your sentence.
What am I saying all the time?
See, so what am I?
What?
You did an amazing job on that script.
Like, it is my dream come true that you're
working on the show.
Like, my heart bursts when I wake up in the morning.
I'm like, the shit that I've been going through,
I'm like, Schrab's on the show now.
Like, it's like, holy shit.
It's like a comfort around me.
I'm like, even if I'm like, it's so great.
Like, the work that you've done.
Like, that's how I express love.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
And that applause says that that's all the love I
need to express.
And so any need beyond that is the need of a faulty person.
Right?
Everyone agrees.
A chemistry teacher, a journalist, both dead fought.
Everyone agrees that if you need emotionally,
you're crippled.
Because you could get everything you need from me
through output.
You've done such a good job.
Dan, Dan, you fucked it.
You fucked it there, right?
I wasn't trying to not fuck it.
You had us and you lost us.
No, I'm proving my philosophy true.
You're saying the only reason that you love him
is his value to your output, your product.
I made.
And I made.
I'm sad.
His motherfucker likes sting.
What are you supposed to just love people and then you're
like, hey, I love you.
Come upstairs.
Put this pen in your hand.
What if you can write the show?
No, that would be awful.
Do you love him as a friend, as an emotional asset,
as an ally in your travels and surveillance?
It's so awkward.
He's my brother in a world where there aren't any.
That's like, this means, what do people want from me?
It's like, why does everybody start laughing at that stuff?
I'm like, oh, hey, Dan, do a pull-up.
And then I start doing a pull-up and everyone's like,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
He's your brother, but say why, like, break it down.
Well, what, he's my brother.
Like, like, wait, like, wait, like, forever.
Yeah.
Why?
I get it.
Why is everybody, like, why is always the theme of the show
is always like, oh, you guys, like, what do you
want me to say, like, I love you?
Like, that's so fucking dumb.
Do you?
Well, like, what does it mean if you don't mean it?
Like, what do we say?
No.
I don't know what those words mean.
What does it mean?
Those words can be low eyes.
People can go, I love Hitler.
They don't mean it.
Like, if you don't love Hitler, like, that
means you love racism.
Just stop.
See, you guys lured me into this fucking trap.
This is what always happens to me.
Hey, Dan, why don't you express yourself as a person?
Fucking pussy.
Fucking shit face.
You know, you fucking, like, you're neurodiverse.
Like, they lure me into this trap.
Just say you love Rob Schrab.
Whatever I do, I love Rob Schrab.
This is his Billy Zane.
Will you leave him alone?
God, he doesn't want to do Billy Zane.
I'll give you a choice.
Either do Billy Zane or tell Rob you love him and made it.
Why do you guys always say, I love Rob Schrab.
I don't want to do Billy Zane.
Yeah.
What do you guys want?
I don't approve of any of this.
Is that just like, is that what the Midwest is?
Is just that much withholding?
I don't know.
It's just an idea of I love you, I love you, I love you.
It's like a fucking poker chip you put on the table.
Like, what the fuck does it mean?
Like, it means you, like, got a chip at the fucking cashier.
Dad's like, I love you.
Like, people go, I love you.
I love you, too.
Like, I'm trying.
Like, Cody's family, like, they say it.
And I believe them.
And I'm like, I love you, too.
It's like, hard for me to say it to Cody's dad.
But like, those people say, I love you.
Like, they're fucking just hanging out.
Like, it's just like farting.
And I was like, I love you.
I'm like, I don't know, I don't know what I mean.
That's like, this is not the family I come from.
It's just like, like, those words mean something.
Can you help me out here?
What's your love language?
Because it sounds like words of affirmation aren't it.
But you got to have one.
Good boy.
I mean, it's not like, this is a normal thing that happens.
People are like, I don't want all these fucking gifts,
you know, or whatever.
With Cody, it's like, like, all bets are off.
It's just whatever.
And I think that maybe part of the problem is that I go,
oh, that's an intimacy thing.
Like, love is for partners.
And that makes it maybe sexual.
And so maybe then you're not supposed to say,
I love you to people that you're not partners with.
Well, Keith and Steve, 25 years.
Like, can you define what love is between you two?
Yeah, we don't want to kill each other.
Well, we take the desire to kill each other,
and we crumple it down into a tiny little ball.
Are you guys, it's Thanksgiving.
What do you guys do?
How are your relationships with your family?
But that's important.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But you.
Thanks.
Are your families hip to your relationship?
Oh, yeah, they are.
But there are some political issues.
My family is liberal, and Keith's family not so much.
So the last three years have been terrible for us
in that regard, actually.
Really, it was the election that actually created a divide.
The election and the propaganda wave.
Because it brought it to the fore.
It's true.
I mean, my mother-in-law literally
made us lovely embroidered tea towels
with her name before the election.
But there's been a breach.
When you guys first declared your love to your families,
were they both sides OK with it, or was it a little rough?
Oh, you have a great story on this one.
What the, when my dad pulled you aside.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
I was scared to meet Keith's family,
because they're like Midwesters.
Keith's dad was literally the mayor of Normal, Illinois.
I've been there.
Just outside of not gay Wisconsin.
I think a bit more as flat kids.
Neuro-typical Wisconsin.
There are trucks all over that town
that say normal police.
That's so cool.
Nothing to see here.com.
But so when I met them, I'm a Jewish Fagola,
12 years older than their beautiful blonde son.
My parents were communists, et cetera.
Yeah, I don't think they knew that at the time.
But I thought that I might be their worst nightmare, frankly.
But Keith's dad took me aside and said,
we know that you're very special to Keith,
so you're very special to us.
That's awesome.
And that was wonderful.
I don't want to fucking die.
So I hope we can find our way back to that.
Yeah.
Those stories over and over again,
every time there's a face-to-face encounter,
I don't want to publicize anybody.
I don't want to out them.
I have a family member who's there in a certain neighborhood
and in their neighborhood.
There's a guy who's a very popular cool guy
and all the kids play in his yard.
And he's a super cool guy.
He's like a stand-up, amazing, cool neighborhood dad guy.
And he has a flagpole in his backyard.
And he went to some fucking, he went off on some trip.
And he had a great time and good for him.
And he paid his money.
And he came back with this MAGA flag.
And he hoisted it up on his backyard flagpole.
And this friend of mine that all she could see out
her back window was this guy's flag,
which is where my story would end.
I would just come on this podcast
and I'd go, hey, the next door to a piece of shit
is flying his flag.
She went, she talked to him and said,
which I wouldn't recommend.
I just said, suddenly I'm not on her side
for that moment where she goes up to him and goes,
that's not really a flag about our country or our state
or our city.
It's a flag about this political platform.
And it's like, all I can see out my back window
and you're so cool to our kids.
And I just, it's right in my face.
I look out my window.
And the guy's response was like, you're right.
It's pretty obnoxious.
And he took it down.
Nice.
Wow.
That's every story.
Every story.
Like there aren't any stories about actual human beings
talking to each other where then someone pulls out
a machete and goes like, I love Trump.
Or I love socialism.
Any time people are talking to each other,
it's basically like, what the fuck are you going to do?
Anyways.
Well, that's one thing we have to fight our way out of
is everybody stereotyping everybody else and having these.
That's the, that will be the irony of the internet
is like we all got connected and it disconnected all of us.
Like more than we had ever been.
Because when we were all just trapped in apartments
watching Welcome Back Connor on a TV, our intro back
Connor.
Our internet was talking to the random stranger
that we did laundry with in the shared laundry room.
And the internet now tells us, and not unrightfully so,
but tells us like that guy that's doing laundry with you,
he's a much smaller piece of the puzzle.
Like if you're a true crime fan, that guy's
going to kill your daughter and eat her.
Like it makes more sense to compartmentalize that person
that way.
The internet, we thought it was going to end disconnection.
It was like a short circuit.
I love that movie.
Yeah.
It has revealed to us all that we would rather
be who we were yesterday.
And we would like to take that person
that we were yesterday onto the tomorrow of online
and say, hey, here's me.
Because who wants to dissolve and do
a bunch of nothingness of tomorrow?
Maybe that's an uplifting thing about us.
God damn it, Harmon.
Don't waste your.
All right, what time is it?
Did we do a full podcast?
Almost.
Let's do a rap.
I mean, I'm not saying let's do a rap,
but that's the time.
Would it be tedious and tiresome to just shout out
everybody that came from a long distance away?
That's what I feel like we owe them,
like let's bring all the yahoos.
I know we got Sarah and Austin.
You guys came.
Chico, we got.
Where?
Salem.
Saudi Arabia?
For real?
And we have England here too?
Yeah.
Australia?
Australia.
Austria.
I heard Chicago.
How about it?
All at the same time.
Portraits.
Don't you think there's some way to line people up
and just have them saying to a microphone like,
I'm from Melbourne, Australia, and raisins are great.
Wait, how about this?
Yeah, let's do it.
People that came for real, that came from out of, like,
way out of town to come to the show, like stand up,
and maybe we'll just bring you up,
and we'll just all say hello to you.
Maybe like line up by the staircase
Yeah, just come on up.
It was the whole audience.
I'm going to give the guys the average show.
Geez, crazy.
What's up?
That's a good idea.
All right.
Yeah.
It could have been off the stage.
Rob, take your mic and interview everybody
and tell them hello.
It's your idea, Jeff.
You handle this.
It's the entire audience.
How could this possibly go wrong?
All controls.
You sir, where are you from?
I mean, this is good.
Salem, Oregon, and what's your name?
Yeah, you can have a seat.
Nathan Jones.
Nathan Jones, what's your worst fear?
Oh, I guess having my head cut off, but not dying.
And so you're just like this in my head.
That's a good one.
That sounds awesome.
No, but you couldn't do anything.
That's like a terrible way to die.
I'm sorry, the correct answer was panthers.
Thank you very much.
Good to meet you.
That was the worst fear ever.
Colorado.
What was it?
But not dying.
Well, Denver.
Denver Boulder.
Denver, Boulder.
You guys can't agree on this.
You guys from different cities?
Yes.
What was the worst thing that ever happened to you
in Boulder, Colorado?
Oh, dear lord, you don't even want to know.
We literally asked.
It'll take way too long.
Just give us the setting.
What was the place?
Too many tits out.
Let's give them up for Boulder, Colorado.
You sir, you're wearing an Arsenal shirt.
Sorry about your shitty team.
Are you from London?
Yeah, I'm here.
Are you?
Yeah, Arsenal's blowing it right now.
Nice.
Shit.
Yeah, there's fucking rubbish.
So they got that shitty coach and everybody's all shit.
If you had one wish, what would it be?
Oh, suck up shitty coach.
Suck up shitty coach?
I think he says English.
Thank you very much from Arsenal.
London, where are you from, sir?
Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
I love Edmonton.
What's your favorite bar on White Avenue?
Oh, you got to go to the Buckingham.
Vegan food.
Fuck yeah, I've been there.
Yeah, all right.
Oh, you're Samson.
I met you before.
Samson, he's the living rear incarnation of Brody Stevens.
Let's give him up.
Thank you very much.
Eric, where are you from?
Ibiza, Spain.
Spain?
Yeah.
Ibiza?
Nice.
So are you Catalan?
No.
No, you're Castilla?
Also, I'm German.
Get the fuck out of here.
Thank you very much.
Welcome.
Nick.
Nick, where are you from, Nick?
Bristol, England.
That's correct.
What makes Bristol special?
What is the claim to fame of Bristol, England?
Pirates, I think.
Pirates.
OK, what's your name over here?
Sorry, I'm just curious.
What's your name?
My name's Jubes.
I'm from London.
OK, and you love the Hulk?
Yeah, he's a pretty cool guy, I guess.
Like, because he gets mad, right?
And then he turns into the Hulk.
He does it better than anyone else.
Are you going to get a selfie?
OK, what's your friend of his?
Or are you just a?
We met today.
OK, what's your name?
Yves.
Yves?
OK.
He's French.
No, that's a bold choice.
Are you a lumberjack?
No, not.
I know, I'm being racist.
What are you?
A software engineer.
OK, that makes sense.
Yves, the software engineer.
Everybody, we got a star of her.
Steven Notley from Edmonton.
Steven Notley!
Yeah, see, I don't know.
Crater Bob the Angry Flower, one of our favorite comics.
Steven, write a haiku for us right now.
A haiku is five.
Seven, five.
A haiku is five syllables, and then seven, and then five again.
Close enough.
Just give it up for Steven Notley.
OK, well, it's Edmonton Alberta.
Edmonton Alberta, we thought the correct answer is
Ampersail House.
OK, oh yeah, all right.
OK, well, I don't think, hey, what's your name?
Jesse.
Yeah, how do you know when you're finished?
All right, that's how you do it.
What's your name?
Sarah.
Where are you from?
Colorado Springs.
Nice.
What's your name?
Bill.
Bill, put it on my tab.
What's your name?
Riley.
Riley?
Where are you from?
Yeah, close enough.
Yeah, all right.
More like fart of.
What's your name?
I'm Robert.
Hey, what's up?
You from Memphis?
Yeah, nailed it.
Yeah, I remember you.
Fuck yeah, you're a memorable guy.
I was just there.
Have you been to Sunrise Breakfast?
What's the place in the midtown?
My studio?
No, no, Near Sun Studios.
Sunrise Breakfast joint.
Never mind, you got to go there.
It's fucking great.
Got a mirror there.
All right.
It's all lies.
It's all lies tonight.
Where are you from, sir?
Sydney, Australia.
Fair dinkum.
Tell Dan if you like his hat or not.
I like that hat, mate.
That's Dominic.
Dominic, I met you.
I like that hat, mate.
I'm sorry, I'll give you a short shift.
What's your name?
Riley.
You're my mate.
This is going great.
Everybody, what's your name?
Phil.
Phil McGregan.
I'm going to play.
It's not Fadden.
All right.
Sorry, my surname is McFadden, and that's
what I got called at school.
Phil McFadden.
Well done.
OK.
All right.
What's your name, man?
What's your name?
Lauren.
Lauren, where are you from?
San Antonio, Texas.
I'll be there in a few days.
What's the best Wavis Frencheris in San Antonio?
What's the best Wavis Frencheris?
What?
Say it louder.
OK, thank you very much.
No, it's a Wavis Frencheris.
OK, all right, all right, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I got a, I got a, I got a, I got a, I got a, I got a.
No, no, no, it's not called David's Sounds.
It's called Harmony Town.
Yeah, I don't know.
Who are you?
I don't know.
Juan, where are you from?
This is a great ball.
You've done Juan.
You've done them all.
Get the fuck out of here.
What, where's he from?
San Antonio.
Rebecca, wait, wait, Rebecca, look at her belt.
Rick and Morty.
It's got a bottle opener on it.
There we go.
It's got a bottle opener on it?
That's, yeah, you're like, you're like the Batman of
Alcoholics.
That's fantastic.
What is your name, sir?
Lucas.
Lucas, where are you from?
Madison, Wisconsin.
How do you like those, those capital steps?
And what's that weird bar called the Beaver or something?
The what?
Yeah, there's a bar called the Beaver, the thing, I don't know.
There's a lot of weird bars.
I don't know the Beaver one.
Yeah, well, that's what she said.
All right, get out of here.
All right, what's your name, sir?
Jeremy.
Jeremy, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Boise, Idaho.
Yeah, yeah, Boise, Idaho.
All right, come on.
Keep on moving.
We're almost halfway through.
What's your name?
Will.
Where are you from, Will?
Minnesota.
Minnesota, what part?
St. Anthony.
That's next to?
Just north of the Twin Cities.
That's nothing.
That can eat dicks according to my next friend.
Will, if you had one super power, one super power, Will.
Jack says, to wear a t-shirt, fantastic, good to see you, Will.
Jack says that that's fucking bullshit.
Yeah, yeah, fucking.
Shots fired.
Where are you from?
Great.
All three of us from Austin, Texas.
Austin, Texas.
Oh, Austin, Texas, what's your name?
Brenton.
Brenton, Austin, Texas.
You can go fucking sell today.
I got Carlos, Turk, and John over here.
They're from Austin, Texas.
Sound like some bullshit to me.
Talk about Yellowjacket Social Club.
Oh, shit.
Don't get started with it.
Don't.
All right.
Go get them, Austin.
Hook them horns.
Let's get this guy up here.
Come on.
What are you talking about?
Crom.
Yeah, fucking yeah.
He's from Crom?
All right.
He's Conan's god?
Come on.
Let's keep it moving.
What the fuck?
What are you talking about?
What's your name?
I'm talking about whatever.
Just whatever is being talked about.
And come on.
This is Davis from Atlanta, Georgia.
I live with Davis.
Fuck that guy.
I lived in Atlanta for like a year, just last year.
What's your favorite?
I lived in Atlanta for a year as he's done with it.
What's your least favorite thing about Dan Harmon?
Oh, easily, you know, just his whole aura, you know?
If he's.
That guy loves my aura.
What do you say?
He hates your aura.
Hates your aura.
This guy loves my aura.
Exactly, yeah.
Shot's fired from Atlanta.
Call it even.
OK.
All right.
What do you think about all this?
The show ended five years ago, by the way.
We had to do the credits again.
JP from Oswego, Illinois.
Sing a song about Oswego.
It's a town.
There's a lot of corn in it.
Close enough.
JP from Oswego.
Take it, Dan.
There's a lot of it.
Nobody's from here?
I got it.
What's your name?
Jazz?
Your name is Jazz?
Jazz Nate.
That's awesome.
Where are you from, Jazz Nate?
Sydney, Australia.
Is it, is Dinkum fair or unfair in Sydney, Australia?
I think it's pretty fair.
I guess it's Faye Dinkum.
Thank you, Jazz Nate.
I wonder what Danny from Vancouver
would have to say about that.
Dinkum moderate.
All right.
You, what's your name?
All right, we're almost there.
A Hart?
A Hart from Milwaukee.
Oh, shit.
Harley Davidson.
What ward are you from?
Well, Ward.
I don't know.
What neighborhood?
Third Ward.
26 and Chambers.
Did you ever do coke at that?
What's that weird bar that we went to where they are?
Why not, too?
Libbies, that place is great.
Ever go to Libby's?
Don't go there because you'll get killed.
Well, also, the coke is a step down.
All right.
What do you want to say?
The show ends in two and a half hours, everybody.
I'm from Memphis.
You're from Hintas?
Memphis.
For God's sake, it's music country.
I was just there.
Yeah.
If Elvis were here, he would say, ah, shit.
He'd be like, oh, I got everything.
Screams, answers.
All right.
And what, do you think you could fight that guy?
I'm too peaceful.
Really?
No, good.
That's good.
That means you're on my side.
So if we have to fight him, I'm on your side.
Dan, Dan, I'm going to blow your mind.
I got Hadi over here from Saudi, motherfucking Arabia.
Yeah.
I just want to say that North Divorcity crosses borders.
All right.
How do you say, fuck your mama in,
I fucked your mama in Arabic?
Kusum makb al-Arabi.
He actually included the in Arabic part.
See you, brother.
All right.
How do you say, fuck your mama in, I'm guessing, Delaware?
It's Kansas.
Where are you from?
Kansas.
How do you say, fuck your mama there?
It's fuck your mama.
OK, all right.
What part of Kansas?
Where in Kansas are you from?
Calvin.
Kansas.
What part of Kansas?
Kansas City.
Oh, yeah.
The Kansas City part.
Yeah, the shitty Kansas City.
Yeah, well, don't.
Yeah, it's all shit.
Don't let him.
No, don't be ashamed of yourself.
Don't let me tell you what to do.
Just trust me, but also don't.
Yeah, I don't know what to tell you.
This is Jacob from Austria, from Vienna, Austria.
Awesome.
All right.
Best schnitzel in Los Angeles is?
Vienna schnitzel?
Yeah.
Daphne Schnitzel, thank you.
All right.
That is the correct answer.
Where are you from?
I'm from Hawaii.
Hawaii.
Where's the best spam in Los Angeles?
Everywhere.
It's the same.
Yeah, OK, spam comes to the end of the can.
Yeah.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
OK, all right, that's all.
Don't let me make a break.
Your line was short of the minute.
Yeah, they want the fucking money.
Where are you from?
Washington.
OK, good.
All right.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
That's fine.
Where are you from?
I live here, but this is our four-year anniversary,
so I had to come say hello.
Hey, how are you?
Yeah.
How are you?
I just wanted to let you everybody know I cried a lot
when I was on stage.
And this show saved my life along with everybody else.
And I'm a much happier, healthier person now,
and just let y'all know that there's brightness out there
too.
Also, wait, hold on.
I saw your Instagram story.
Tell people your name again.
Oh, my name is Hooks.
I go by Hooks now.
Wait, hold on.
She also kicked the dick out of karaoke last night
at the drawing room.
You fucking murdered it.
Well, then.
Yeah, you came up and were vulnerable with us.
And we, yeah, I mean, look, we don't
claim to be the cure for anything, but.
But especially since it's the week of Thanksgiving,
just wanted to let y'all know Thanksgiving gets better.
Yeah, that's when we met you.
So you were thinking about going home to your family,
and it was like.
You gave me a shirt, and $80.
And I gave $40 to some other dude that apparently
was having a baby.
But anyway, so yeah.
Helping people is easy.
Thank you.
Also, here's my good buddy, Greg Papillon.
Gregory Papillon.
And he gave me ukulele strings and guitar strings.
And this motherfucker is a bad dude.
He's from Ontario, California.
Whoa.
Really?
Consider that Saudi Arabia.
Greg, sum Harmontown up in five words or less.
That's one.
OK, here we go.
OK, thank you very much.
Gregory Papillon.
I couldn't have said it better myself.
What's your name, madam?
Kristen.
Kristen, where are you from?
Hamilton, Ontario.
Hamilton, the hammer.
I've been to the hammer.
I have a question for you.
You're from Hamilton, Ontario.
Why does everybody in Hamilton, Ontario have a limp?
I've never seen more gamey legs.
Everybody's fucking broken there.
Everybody's in Hamilton.
That's a bold statement.
I say a high tone.
Why does everybody in Hamilton got a limp?
I wish you could be here.
Oh, sorry.
Where's Jesse?
He's in Toronto.
He's Toronto.
Yeah.
Well, we'll be in Toronto soon.
OK, Steve, is our audience, are they autistic in general?
They're awesome.
They have autistic traits.
A lot of people do.
Yeah, they all do.
But they're awesome.
Yeah.
And Keith, everyone is chemical.
That's true.
And you guys are happy.
And I brought you out.
I honestly, I told you guys backstage,
there was no rhyme or reason to it.
We've been doing this show for the whole decade.
And it was truly a highlight to.
Oh, we're.
I wanted you guys to be here.
And I really value you being here.
Well, thank you.
And I hope you had a good time.
It was great.
It was awesome.
Absolutely.
And thank you guys.
Yeah, thank all of you.
We have one more show left.
And this is the ultimate cliffhanger.
But the last show is going to be the worst show.
People are coming up here and going,
I tried to get in the last show.
I'm like, that's going to be the worst show.
It's going to be the worst.
The worst show.
Yeah, because I'm just going to not even come.
Because they're going to put chairs on the stage.
It's going to be the worst show.
This is the show that you want to be at.
This is the best show.
You came to the best one.
This is the one.
The last show is going to be garbage.
Let's give it up for Keith and Steve, everybody.
Rob Schrab, Spencer Crittenden, Will Ashland, Danny, Josh,
Samson Riley, Austin, Sarah, everybody that came tonight.
Church, Zach, Nolan, making everything happen.
I'm your comptroller, Jeff Davis, your mayor, Dan Hyman.
Oh, yeah.
Steve Silverman and Keith Carricker, everybody.
I really can't tell you how much you guys all mean to us.
It's sad to see it go.
But I'm so happy all you all traveled so far to come see us.
Drive fast and take chances.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.